pages/learn: Add fan profile and power mode information (#3099)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/develop/hardware/i2c-and-spi.md

Please note that if the changes for your carrier board expand past kernel device-trees, or require modifications to board configuration files like pin multiplexing configuration files or any other device-trees or files used by firmware, these may not be provided by the existing cloud images. During provisioning the resulting configuration changes are stored in the QSPI or in the hardware defined boot partitions, and thus will be replaced with the default values when updating the Host Operating System. Please [contact us](https://www.balena.io/contact-sales) if you would like to use a Jetson carrier board which may not be fully compatible with its' corresponding devkit, or with any of our cloud images for your Jetson module.

### Configurable fan profiles

> Jetson Orin Devices running balenaOS revisions newer than <TODO> and supervisor versions greater than <TODO> offer support for configurable fan profiles. You can switch between the options provided by Jetpack by navigating to the Device/Fleet Configuration tab on the sidebar in the balenaCloud dashboard and selecting the desired option. The change will be performed during runtime and doesn't trigger a device reboot. Preloading the [fan profile configuration](/reference/OS/configuration/#fanprofile) before provisioning your device can be achieved by editing the [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jetson Orin Devices running balenaOS revisions newer than v6.1.24 and supervisor versions greater than v16.10.0 offer support for configurable fan profiles. You can switch between the options provided by Jetpack by navigating to the Device/Fleet Configuration tab on the sidebar in the balenaCloud dashboard and selecting the desired option. The change will be performed during runtime and doesn't trigger a device reboot. Preloading the [fan profile configuration](/reference/OS/configuration/#fanprofile) before provisioning your device can be achieved by editing the [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson) file.
```

### Configurable power modes

> Jetson Orin Devices running balenaOS revisions newer than <TODO> and supervisor versions greater than <TODO> also offer the possibility for selecting the desired power mode. You can choose between "low", "mid" and "high" or specify the power mode index directly by navigating to the Device/Fleet Configuration tab on the sidebar in the balenaCloud dashboard. Please note that your device(s) will automatically reboot to apply the new power mode. The available power modes indexes for your device type are visible in the host OS in `/etc/nvpmodel.conf`. Preloading the desired power mode configuration can be achieved by editing the [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson) file and specifying the desired [power mode](/reference/OS/configuration/#powermode) before provisioning the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jetson Orin Devices running balenaOS revisions newer than v6.1.24 and supervisor versions greater than v16.10.0 also offer the possibility for selecting the desired power mode. You can choose between "low", "mid" and "high" or specify the power mode index directly by navigating to the Device/Fleet Configuration tab on the sidebar in the balenaCloud dashboard. Please note that your device(s) will automatically reboot to apply the new power mode. The available power modes indexes for your device type are visible in the host OS in `/etc/nvpmodel.conf`. Preloading the desired power mode configuration can be achieved by editing the [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson) file and specifying the desired [power mode](/reference/OS/configuration/#powermode) before provisioning the device.
```

Please note that if the changes for your carrier board expand past kernel device-trees, or require modifications to board configuration files like pin multiplexing configuration files or any other device-trees or files used by firmware, these may not be provided by the existing cloud images. During provisioning the resulting configuration changes are stored in the QSPI or in the hardware defined boot partitions, and thus will be replaced with the default values when updating the Host Operating System. Please [contact us](https://www.balena.io/contact-sales) if you would like to use a Jetson carrier board which may not be fully compatible with its' corresponding devkit, or with any of our cloud images for your Jetson module.

### Configurable fan profiles

> Jetson Orin Devices running balenaOS revisions newer than <TODO> and supervisor versions greater than <TODO> offer support for configurable fan profiles. You can switch between the two options provided by Jetpack: "quiet" and "cool", by navigating to the "Device Configuration" page on the balenaCloud dashboard and selecting the desired option. The change is performed at runtime, and does not trigger a device reboot. Preloading the [fan profile configuration](/reference/OS/configuration/#fanprofile) before provisioning your device can also be achieved by editing [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson)

Reviewer 2: Selecting the desired option from how? Will it be a dropdown, will it be a checkbox?
What will the option be called on the Device Configuration page.

Author: @cywang117 will this be a drop-down that also allows custom strings, or a string box?

Author: @vipulgupta2048 it is a string box, I've extended the description in the last commit

> Jetson Orin Devices running balenaOS revisions newer than <TODO> and supervisor versions greater than <TODO> offer support for configurable fan profiles. You can switch between the two options provided by Jetpack: "quiet" and "cool", by navigating to the "Device Configuration" page on the balenaCloud dashboard and selecting the desired option. The change is performed at runtime, and does not trigger a device reboot. Preloading the [fan profile configuration](/reference/OS/configuration/#fanprofile) before provisioning your device can also be achieved by editing [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Jetson Orin Devices running balenaOS revisions newer than <TODO> and supervisor versions greater than <TODO> offer support for configurable fan profiles. You can switch between the options provided by Jetpack by navigating to the Device/Fleet Configuration tab on the sidebar in the balenaCloud dashboard and selecting the desired option. The change will be performed during runtime and doesn't trigger a device reboot. Preloading the [fan profile configuration](/reference/OS/configuration/#fanprofile) before provisioning your device can be achieved by editing the [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson) file.
```

1. Let's not mention options mentioned in the docs on the account of Nvidia making a 3rd mode called "High power" and then that prompts us to correct our docs. Looking into the future this decreases our maintenance. 
2. Additionally, I am right to assume this is also a fleet configuration option?
3. Need to be specific at places.

Author: @vipulgupta2048  1) & 3) are addressed. @cywang117 can you please confirm if these configurations will be available for fleets as well?

Author: These configuration options are available both at fleet and device level @vipulgupta2048

> Jetson Orin Devices running balenaOS revisions newer than <TODO> and supervisor versions greater than <TODO> offer support for configurable fan profiles. You can switch between the two options provided by Jetpack: "quiet" and "cool", by navigating to the "Device Configuration" page in the balena-cloud dashboard and selecting the desired option. The change is performed at runtime, and does not trigger a device reboot. Preloading the [fan profile configuration](/reference/OS/configuration/#fanprofile) before provisioning your device can also be achieved by editing [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson)

Author: Thanks @cywang117 , I updated the section

### Configurable power modes

> The same balenaOS versions for Jetson Orin which support configurable fan profiles also offer the possibility for selecting the desired power mode. You can choose between "low", "mid" and "high" or specify the power mode index directly by navigating to the "Device Configuration" page on the balenaCloud dashboard. The available power modes indexes for your device type are visible in the host OS in `/etc/nvpmodel.conf`. Similar to the fan profile, preloading the desired power mode configuration can be achieved by editing [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson) and specifying the desired [power mode](/reference/OS/configuration/#powermode) before provisioning the device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The same balenaOS versions for Jetson Orin which support configurable fan profiles also offer the possibility for selecting the desired power mode. You can choose between "low", "mid" and "high" or specify the power mode index directly by navigating to the Device/Fleet Configuration tab on the sidebar in the balenaCloud dashboard. The available power modes indexes for your device type are visible in the host OS in `/etc/nvpmodel.conf`. Preloading the desired power mode configuration can be achieved by editing the [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson) file and specifying the desired [power mode](/reference/OS/configuration/#powermode) before provisioning the device.
```

1. Being specific about which versions would support this feature in this section as well would be recommended. Sometimes we would only link this heading in support and the user won't be reading the heading above or understand what are configurable fan profiles. Specific is better.
2.

Author: 1) is addressed. I guess 2) was a typo or the comment was maybe not saved @vipulgupta2048 ?

> The same balenOS versions for Jetson Orin which support configurable fan profiles also offer the possibility for selecting the desired power mode. You can choose between "low", "mid" and "high" or specify the power mode index directly by navigating to the "Device Configuration" page in the balena-cloud dashboard. The available power modes indexes for your device-type are visible in the host OS in `/etc/nvpmodel.conf`. Similar to the fan profile, preloading the desired power mode configuration can be achieved by editing [config.json](/reference/OS/configuration/#about-configjson) and specifying the desired [power mode](/reference/OS/configuration/#powermode) before provisioning the device.

Author: updated, thanks for pointing these out

> NOTE: In order for the selected configuration to be applied, the device will automatically reboot after you have chosen a different power mode.

Reviewer 2: Better to add this to the section above only and not as a note.

Author: done
